Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Cheers!
Excellent.
Let's drink until we drop.
Save some energy for your wife. Tonn.
Are you kidding?
Alcohol revives me.
The later it gets. the hornier I get.
Another glass. A little sip.
Tell me. Jane...
What year are you in?
4th year.
A senior should know better.
What are you doing with Tun?
He's a hunk.
You keep saying that.
He always asked Jim to get girl's numbers.
Speaking of college time.
remember when he got his heart broken?
- When that girl left him.
- He was dead drunk.
Who was that girl?
Her name was Kay.
Ignore them.
Wait. I have a question.
How can a guy like you get married?
What's wrong with me?
After a long tiring day...
I want to head home...
to a wife's embrace or a pet's face.
Not waste my life...
partying with you losers.
A good man...
who went fooling around with me last night.
So soon?
Here she comes.
Quiet.
What's so funny?
Nothing.
One last thing...
One more glass!
♪ You're so far away.
yet you feel so near ♪
♪ Did you strip your soul
to possess the photo. ♪
Don't turn it off.
It's beautiful.
You guys seem tight.
Do you meet often?
What are you looking at?
Beautiful you.
What a sap.
Are you hurt?
Tun...
Is she dead?
Wait!
Drive away.
I said drive away!
Drive!
Get closer. please.
Okay.
Big smile. Nuch.
Or you won't look pretty.
All Science Majors...
Gather for a class photo.
They're calling you.
Where's Jane?
Taking photos with her friends. I guess.
Duh. I thought you broke up.
Come! Let's go.
I called you. but you didn't pick up.
Was it on silent?
Uh...
Nuch asked about you today.
When will you be free?
She wants to...
Jane.
How can you act like this?
Pretending nothing happened.
Since that night...
I haven't slept soundly.
I'm upset as well.
At least we should have checked.
It was an accident.
That's easy for you to say.
You weren't the one behind the wheel.
- Hi. Tee.
- Hey.
How's business?
With you here this early...
business should be bad.
Are my prints ready?
Yeah. Just a sec.
Here.
Is your machine broken?
Let's see.
The nerve.
Nice prints and you're great.
If they suck it's my fault.
Let's check the negative.
No way.
I took them. I should know.
We'll see.
See.
Your negatives are bad.
Tun.
Can you hear me?
Help!
Don't be scared. I'm here now.
What's wrong with your camera?
I don't know.
Many photos are ruined.
That many?
What are these shadows?
My camera must be broken.
How should I tell Nuch?
Tun...
Look at this picture.
That woman...
Do you think she's dead?
That's enough.
I'll have my camera checked tomorrow.
(Road Accidents)
Tun...
Look at this picture.
Are you sure it was here?
Excuse me.
What happened?
A few days ago a car hit the billboard.
Must have been drunk.
Was anyone hurt?
No.
Just the broken sign.
Are you sure?
What?
Nothing.
Thank you.
What?
You sure you checked everywhere?
Nothing.
Thanks anyways.
My friend called every
precinct and hospital.
No accidents were reported that night.
That's not possible.
What about the girl we hit?
You sure he checked everywhere?
Maybe someone helped her.
Maybe she's fine.
How could she be fine?
We ploughed her down.
And even if she's fine...
What about those pictures?
I told you they're not related to her.
They're just ruined photos.
Get it?
Tun...
You need to make some merit.
These pictures...
show that a spirit is haunting you.
How long have you been a photographer?
Why are you showing me these?
I know...
But don't you find these shadows strange?
You want to see spirits?
I'll show you some.
Here.
Auntie Cham's spirit.
You know where she is now?
She's selling grilled bananas next door.
Here's Auntie Cham. And here.
All Auntie Cham.
Taken on the same day.
They're just double exposures...
and out of focus.
Come on. I know this stuff.
Everyone is familiar with this place.
Just an ordinary location...
that we pass...
and see every day.
Now look at these pictures...
All taken at the same place.
But. you see?
The pictures look nicer.
That means photography...
does not represent the whole reality.
It depends on how...
the photographer chooses to frame.
What to reveal.
What to conceal.
Your perspective is critical.
(Special Scoop: Spirit Pictures)
Jane. you're early.
I'll get it.
- Hello?
- Hello. Tun.
It's Jane. I'll come by later.
Hello?
Tun. can you hear me?
Tun!
What's wrong?
I don't know.
My neck's hurt since the accident.
You should go see a doctor.
I'm sure it's not serious.
What's the point of
going to see these spoofs?
(Real Ghosts)
Are you a reporter?
No.
The funeral foundation sent us.
We are totally legit.
We have all the permits.
Excuse me.
Are all these pictures fakes?
Hey! Tell the boss he has guests.
Everyone fakes them.
You know...
these photos are always a hit.
Any issue with them sells out.
But you think...
we can always find real ones?
Isn't that deceiving the public?
Our readers...
want to see scary photos.
They don't want love stories.
Does that mean every photo is fake?
I didn't say that.
Take a look.
Notice anything?
This is the first photo I had.
I took it at home.
The shadow...
bears a likeness to my mom.
Believe what you will.
But this picture...
was taken after she passed away.
You know...
sometimes...
spirits just want to be
close to their loved ones.
In my opinion...
what make these pictures interesting
is not just
weird shadows...
It's the stories behind them.
Think about it.
Why would the dead...
return to the living...
unless they want to tell something?
Most importantly...
some believe...
these shadows...
are related to someone in the picture.
A father...
mother...
or lover.
Or someone...
you maligned in life.
How can we tell if they're real...
and not fakes?
What about polaroids?
Can you fake them?
You load the film and press the shutter.
The photo ejects.
Tell me then...
How can they be faked?
How do we know what they want?
Perhaps...
the answer is already in the photo.
Two more poses.
Big smiles.
Let's have a different pose.
Embrace her. hold the bouquet...
and put your cheek on hers.
Beautiful.
We're done.
Thank you both.
Take them to the dressing room.
What the...
Who's messing around?
Aum. check the fuse!
Hey! Aum!
Aum!
Hey! It's not funny.
Is it you. Aum?
Hey!
Who is it?
Hey! Who's there!
I asked who it is!
Who's there!
Where are you. Aum?
Please step off the scale.
Step on it again.
Been working hard lately?
Not really.
How long has it hurt?
For quite a while.
But it's gotten worse lately.
I had a car accident.
An accident?
But I've checked. everything is fine.
You shouldn't worry.
But it really hurts.
Your x-rays are normal.
It may be a sprain.
Try the medicine I prescribed.
Mr. Tun. please pick up your prescription.
Take this medicine...
3 times a day after meals...
until the prescription runs out.
Lying bastard.
Pardon?
Yes?
Nothing.
Lying bastard.
As for this medicine...
Sir!
What's wrong?
...is rarely seen.
When grasshoppers begin mating...
the male smells the female...
From a distance up to 100 meters.
The male carefully approaches the female.
It hooks itself onto her belly.
And they begin to mate.
The female's response is surprising.
The male becomes her prey.
She slowly eats off his head...
While they are mating.
Eventually...
the male succumbs to death.
Excuse me. where is Room 301?
Jane.
Who's there?
Tonn...
What's wrong?
Tun...
I'm going to die.
What's going on?
The photos...
Bring me those photos.
What photos?
Are you drunk?
Those photos...
Where did you hide them?
Give them to me.
Remember that bitch.
Calm down.
What photos?
Just give them to me!
Calm down!
Tonn. calm down.
What photos?
Tonn.
Let me call your wife.
What are you doing?
Cleaning up.
Your neck still sore?
Yeah.
Take it easy. Don't work so much.
(Natrenapa Chan-ngam. Honors Student 1995)
Tonn.
It's Tun.
Are you home?
Tonn.
(Natrenapa Chan-ngam)
(Faculty of Science. Biology)
Tonn!
Hey!
I'm really sorry.
Do you know...
what was wrong with him?
No. Suddenly he...
It's you guy's fault. right?
Have you all gone insane?
What do you mean?
Why did you all commit suicide?
Who?
Don't you know?
Your other two friends...
also jumped off the buildings.
Which two?
The two who sat next to you at the wedding.
Who's this woman?
Where did you get that?
She's the shadow in the photos. right?
Who is she?
How is she related to you?
I knew her in college.
Her name is Natre.
She was a quiet person...
without any friends.
Everyone thought she was weird.
I felt sorry for her.
We dated but I kept it secret.
She loved me a lot.
She threatened to kill herself.
I didn't know what to do.
My friends thought it was a joke.
How were they involved?
Why did they have to die?
They...
What did they do?
I don't know.
Tonn said he'd take care of it.
After that. Natre disappeared.
I never saw her again.
Didn't you try to do something?
How could you let it happen?
What could I do?
Now everyone is dead.
I'm going to die next.
It's funny how...
we always say...
if we could turn back time...
we...
we wouldn't make all our mistakes.
Do you think she's doing okay?
Will we get to see her tomorrow?
Just go to sleep.
I'll keep you company tonight.
Excuse me.
Do you have any toilet paper?
Can I poo first?
I'm sorry.
What is it?
What's wrong?
Is it around here?
Excuse me.
Do you know where this is?
Mom. where is this house?
Ma'am.
Excuse me...
Is this Natre's house?
What do you want?
Well...
We're her friends.
Natre's friends? Come inside.
Have some water. You must be tired.
Did you drive from Bangkok?
Yes.
Well...
We'd like to ask about Natre.
She's not feeling well.
She's taking a nap.
Should I wake her?
Stay for dinner.
I was about to cook.
I'm making her favorite dish.
Natre will be so happy.
Her friends don't visit often.
Wait right here.
What are you doing?
How dare you?
Did she commit suicide?
Should we cremate her properly?
No.
I won't cremate her.
Ma'am...
I don't know if you believe such things...
but I'd like you to look at these photos.
They were taken around campus.
Some of the places...
were rooms Natre had been around before.
And these shadows appeared.
I think that...
Natre's spirit might be restless.
Natre...
My dear Natre.
Why don't you visit me?
You know what happened to her. right?
Why she left Bangkok?
Ma'am...
Ma'am.
The reason she appears
might mean her spirit is not at peace.
We should hold her funeral.
Please.
When she came home...
She seemed different.
She wouldn't talk to anyone.
No one knows what happened in Bangkok.
Then she overdosed on pills.
Luckily. her mother found her...
and got her to the hospital on time.
But after she recovered...
she climbed on the hospital roof...
and jumped off the edge.
Why did her mom keep her body?
She's been deranged
ever since Natre's death.
No matter what. she refused to cremate her.
All the villagers were scared.
No one wanted to socialize with her.
Can't sleep?
Tun. tell me the truth...
Did you love Natre?
I tried to...
I believed that one day I would.
But I was fooling myself.
When I broke it off...
I was a total asshole to her.
But she still loved me the same.
I want this to be over.
If she wants me to die. I will.
Don't say that.
It's almost over.
No. it's not.
I know she'll come for me.
Tun.
We've come this far.
And you're sorry for what you did.
I'm sure she knows.
Don't talk like this anymore.
I'm sorry.
Do you still love me?
No matter what. you won't leave me. right?
Jane.
Tun...
Jane...
Where did you go?
Why did you leave me alone?
We've got to leave.
Asshole!
Why did you leave me?
Didn't you love me?
How could you leave me?
How could you leave me?!
Tun...
How are you feeling?
What happened last night?
Tun...
Jane...
The abbot said
Natre will be cremated today.
It's over.
- Hello.
- Hello. Jane.
Picking up photos?
Where's Tun?
He's busy.
Good.
When he's busy...
I get to see you.
You went on vacation?
To the beach.
When did you go?
Last week.
This photo is...
What's wrong?
You look fatter.
I didn't recognize you.
Hi.
Jumbo prints.
Write your name. please.
Get her!
Jane.
Why are you crying?
Asshole.
How could you be so cruel?
Jane...
Where did you find these?
- Jane.
- If I didn't find them...
I'd be a fool forever. right?
Let me explain.
What's there to say?
I always believed you.
I thought I knew you.
Tun.
Take her picture...
so she doesn't blab.
Tun. help me.
I know I did wrong.
Take her picture now!
What are you waiting for?
I'm your buddy!
Hurry!
Tun. help me.
I never forgave myself.
But I was young and stupid.
I've heard enough.
Leave me alone.
Come on out!
Where are you?
I thought you loved me!
Loved me so much!
Till death do us part!
She's gone now.
Sometimes...
spirits just want to be
close to their loved ones.
(Therapeutic Room 2)
♪ I look at the photo you gave me ♪
♪ To remember you by ♪
♪ You're so far away.
yet you feel so near ♪
♪ Did you strip your soul
to possess the photo. ♪
♪ Just to keep watching me? ♪
♪ Even on a lonely day ♪
♪ It helps ease my mind. ♪
♪ As if we are still together ♪
♪ Looking at the photo gives us comfort ♪
♪ Knowing our hearts
connected to each other ♪
♪ Your eyes are bright and shine. ♪
♪ Bringing you to my mind every day ♪
♪ Whether my eyes are
open or closed. I see you ♪
♪ I hold the photo close to my heart ♪
♪ What I have is the
photo. but the person in it ♪
♪ Is not by my side ♪
♪ I'm obsessed with the photo of yours. ♪
♪ Relentlessly holding
onto and caring for it ♪
♪ It puts my mind at ease
and warms my hearts ♪
♪ Your eyes are bright and shine. ♪
♪ Bringing you to my mind every day ♪
♪ Whether my eyes are
open or closed. I see you ♪
♪ I hold the photo close to my heart ♪
♪ What I have is the
photo. but the person in it ♪
♪ Is not by my side ♪
♪ I'm obsessed with the photo of yours. ♪
♪ Relentlessly holding
onto and caring for it ♪
♪ It puts my mind at ease
and warms my hearts ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today